---
title: Convert HEIC to PDF via Java 
weight: 3920
url: /adapters/java/heic-to-pdf/ 
lang: en
langdirlevel: 2
locales: ja,it,zh-hant,ru,de,es,fr,nl,id,lt,pl,pt,vi,tr,ko,zh-hans,ar,hi,th,sv,cs,uk,he
description: Using Aspose.Imaging.Heic.Adapter with sample code images and documents conversion via Java. API example code for batch HEIC files to PDF conversion with any Java application.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert HEIC to PDF files using Adapter via Java" h2="Transform HEIC into PDF documents using native Java APIs without needing any image editor" logoImageSrc="/imaging/images/imaging/aspose_imaging-for-java.svg" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="PDF" pfName="Aspose.Imaging" subTitlepfName="for Java" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="PDF" >}}


{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Imaging Adapter" subTitlepfName="for Java" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="/imaging/images/imaging/aspose_imaging-for-java.svg" apiHomeLink="/imaging/adapters/java/" docsLink="https://reference.aspose.com/imaging/adapters/java/aspose.imaging.heic.adapter/" installationsDocsLink="https://reference.aspose.com/imaging/adapters/java/aspose.imaging.heic.adapter/" mavenRepoLink="https://releases.aspose.com/java/repo/com/aspose/aspose-imaging-heic-adapter/" apiHomeText="API Home"  learnAsLink="https://reference.aspose.com/imaging/adapters/java/aspose.imaging.heic.adapter/" apiReference="" apiHomeText="API Home" downloadText="Download" learnText="Learn" overviewText="Overview" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert HEIC to PDF Using Java" %}}

<p align="justify" style="font-size:18px;text-indent:50px;">File format conversion is a common necessity across various professions, and today, changing one format to another is as simple as making an online request. However, for professional designers, having a reliable tool that swiftly and effectively handles conversions—especially between image and document formats is crucial. Frequently, transforming an image into a document or vice versa poses a challenge beyond the capabilities of standard editors.</p>

<p align="justify" style="font-size:18px;text-indent:50px;">Look no further than Aspose.Imaging.Heic.Adapter for Java, tailor-made for image processing and conversion needs. This indispensable tool boasts the following key features:</p>

<ul style="font-size:18px;">
<li>Facilitates conversions between various image and document formats.</li>
<li>Enables automation without the need for third-party graphics editing software.</li>
<li>Offers a robust Java API for seamless transitions.</li>
<li>User-friendly interface accessible via Java.</li>
<li>Supports HEIC and PDF popular formats.</li>
</ul>

<p align="justify" style="font-size:18px;text-indent:50px;">In order to convert HEIC to PDF, we'll use <a href="/imaging/adapters/java">Aspose.Imaging.Heic.Adapter</a> API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use image manipulation and conversion API for Java platform. You can download its latest version directly from [Maven](https://repository.aspose.com/repo/com/aspose/aspose-imaging-heic-adapter/) and install it within your Maven-based project by adding the following configurations to the pom.xml.</p>

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Repository" offSpacer="true" %}}

```xml
<repository>
	<id>AsposeJavaAPI</id>
	<name>Aspose Java API</name>
	<url>https://releases.aspose.com/java/repo/</url>
</repository>
```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}


{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert HEIC to PDF via Java" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

Developers can easily load & convert HEIC files to PDF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

+ Initialize the adapter with the register() method, a one-time operation.
+ Load the necessary HEIC file using com.aspose.imaging.Image.load() method.
+ Create the required save options class instance for the PDF format and set the necessary properties.
+ Save PDF using com.aspose.imaging.Image.save() method, specifying the file path or stream along with the options.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

Before running the conversion example code, make sure that you have the following prerequisites:

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

+ Operating system: Windows, Linux or MacOS.
+ Development environment: JDK 8 or later

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Convert HEIC to PDF - Java" offSpacer="true" %}}

{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "e28723548b908c4a905c0a9defb45b26" "heic-to-pdf.java" >}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}
