---
title: Convert WMF to TIFF via .NET 
weight: 730
url: /net/conversion/wmf-to-tiff/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Application, ASP.NET Web Application.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert WMF to TIFF via C#" h2="Native .NET APIs to transform WMF into TIFF without needing any image editor or 3rd-party libraries." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/imaging/272x272/aspose_imaging-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="TIFF" pfName="Aspose.Imaging" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="WMF" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Imaging " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/imaging/272x272/aspose_imaging-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/imaging/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-imaging" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/imaging/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/imaging/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/imaging/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.imaging" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert WMF to TIFF Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert WMF to TIFF, we’ll use
 [Aspose.Imaging for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/imaging/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.imaging) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Imaging** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Imaging" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Imaging

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert WMF to TIFF via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Imaging makes it easy for the developers to load & convert WMF files to TIFF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load WMF file with Image.Load method
1.  Create & set the instance of TiffOptions
1.  Call the Image.Save method
1.  Pass file path with TIFF extension & object of TiffOptions class

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Imaging for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Application, ASP.NET Web Application.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Imaging for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load the WMF file in an instance of Image
var image = Aspose.Imaging.Image.Load("template.wmf");
// create an instance of TiffOptions
var options = new Aspose.Imaging.ImageOptions.TiffOptions();
// save WMF as a TIFF
image.Save("output.tiff", options); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert WMF to TIFF" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [WMF to TIFF conversion](https://products.aspose.app/imaging/conversion/wmf-to-tiff) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your WMF file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant TIFF file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A cross-platform Imaging Library capable of processing the most common image formats along with DjVu, DICOM, WebP & DNG. The API can create, load, manipulate, convert & compress images as well as can transform images, perform filtering, dithering, masking and de-skewing. All with various memory optimization strategies.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="WMF" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/wmf/" >}}
Files with WMF extension represent Microsoft Windows Metafile (WMF) for storing vector as well as bitmap-format images data. To be more accurate, WMF belongs to the vector file format category of Graphics file formats that is device independent. Windows Graphical Device Interface (GDI) uses the functions stored in a WMF file to display an image on the screen. A more enhanced version of WMF, known as Enhanced Meta Files (EMF), was published later that makes the format more feature rich. Practically, WMF are similar to SVG.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="tiff" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/tiff/" >}}
TIFF or TIF, Tagged Image File Format, represents raster images that are meant for usage on a variety of devices that comply with this file format standard. It is capable of describing bilevel, grayscale, palette-color and full-color image data in several color spaces. It supports lossy as well as lossless compression schemes to choose between space and time for applications using the format. The format is extensible and has underwent several revisions that allows the inclusion of an unlimited amount of private or special-purpose information. The format is not machine dependent and is free from bounds like processor, operating system, or file systems.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}