---
title: Convert HEIC to WEBP via C# 
weight: 3920
url: /adapters/net/heic-to-webp/ 
lang: en
langdirlevel: 2
locales: ja,it,zh-hant,ru,de,es,fr,nl,id,lt,pl,pt,vi,tr,ko,zh-hans,ar,hi,th,sv,cs,uk,he
description: Using Aspose.Imaging.Pdf.Adapter with sample code images and documents conversion via C#. API example code for batch HEIC files to WEBP conversion with any .NET based application.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert HEIC to WEBP files using Adapter via C#" h2="Transform HEIC into WEBP documents using native .NET APIs without needing any image editor" logoImageSrc="/imaging/images/imaging/aspose_imaging-for-net.svg" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="WEBP" pfName="Aspose.Imaging" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="APNG" >}}


{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Imaging Adapter" subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="/imaging/images/imaging/aspose_imaging-for-net.svg" apiHomeLink="/imaging/adapters/net/" docsLink="https://reference.aspose.com/imaging/adapters/net/aspose.imaging.heic.adapter/" installationsDocsLink="https://reference.aspose.com/imaging/adapters/net/aspose.imaging.heic.adapter/" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.imaging" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aspose.Imaging.Heic.Adapter/" learnAsLink="https://reference.aspose.com/imaging/adapters/net/aspose.imaging.heic.adapter/" apiReference="" apiHomeText="API Home" downloadText="Download" learnText="Learn" overviewText="Overview" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert HEIC to WEBP Using C#" %}}

<p align="justify" style="font-size:18px;text-indent:50px;">File format conversion is a common necessity across various professions, and today, changing one format to another is as simple as making an online request. However, for professional designers, having a reliable tool that swiftly and effectively handles conversions—especially between image and document formats is crucial. Frequently, transforming an image into a document or vice versa poses a challenge beyond the capabilities of standard editors.</p>

<p align="justify" style="font-size:18px;text-indent:50px;">Look no further than Aspose.Imaging.Heic.Adapter for .NET, tailor-made for image processing and conversion needs. This indispensable tool boasts the following key features:</p>

<ul style="font-size:18px;">
<li>Facilitates conversions between various image and document formats.</li>
<li>Enables automation without the need for third-party graphics editing software.</li>
<li>Offers a robust .NET API for seamless transitions.</li>
<li>User-friendly interface accessible via C#.</li>
<li>Supports HEIC and WEBP popular formats.</li>
</ul>

<p align="justify" style="font-size:18px;text-indent:50px;">In order to convert HEIC to WEBP, we'll use <a href="/imaging/adapters/net">Aspose.Imaging.Heic.Adapter</a> API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use image manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open <a href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aspose.Imaging.Heic.Adapter">Nuget</a> package manager, search for Aspose.Imaging.Heic.Adapter and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console:</p>

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Package Manager Console Command" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Imaging.Heic.Adapter

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert HEIC to WEBP via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

Developers can easily load & convert HEIC files to WEBP in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

+ Initialize the adapter with the Register() method, a one-time operation.
+ Load the necessary HEIC file using Aspose.Imaging.Image.Load() method.
+ Create the required save options class instance for the WEBP format and set the necessary properties.
+ Save WEBP using Aspose.Imaging.Image.Save() method, specifying the file path or stream along with the options.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

Before running the conversion example code, make sure that you have the following prerequisites:

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

+ Operating system: Windows or Linux.
+ Development environment: Supports .NET Core 7 and higher, such as Microsoft Visual Studio.
  

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Convert HEIC to WEBP - .NET" offSpacer="true" %}}

{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "00995eb3d72fecb3c21506b888ee8c10" "heic-to-webp.cs" >}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}
