---
title: Convert GIF to DICOM via Java 
weight: 4040
url: /java/conversion/gif-to-dicom/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs for your document conversion on Java Runtime Environment for JSP/JSF Application and Desktop Applications.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert GIF to DICOM via Java" h2="Native Java library to transform GIF as DICOM without any dependencies." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/imaging/272x272/aspose_imaging-for-java.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="DICOM" pfName="Aspose.Imaging" subTitlepfName="for Java" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="DOCX" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="GIF" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Imaging " subTitlepfName="for Java" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/imaging/272x272/aspose_imaging-for-java.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/imaging/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-imaging" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/imaging/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/imaging/java" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/imaging/java" nugetLink="" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="https://downloads.aspose.com/imaging/java" learnAsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/imaging/java" apiReference="" mavenRepoLink="https://repository.aspose.com/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/repo/com/aspose/aspose-imaging" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert GIF to DICOM Using Java" %}}

 In order to render GIF to DICOM, we’ll use
 [Aspose.Imaging for Java](https://products.aspose.com/imaging/java) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use conversion API for Java platform. You can download its latest version directly from
 [Maven](https://repository.aspose.com/webapp/#/artifacts/browse/tree/General/repo/com/aspose/aspose-imaging) 
 and install it within your Maven-based project by adding the following configurations to the pom.xml.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Repository" offSpacer="true" %}}

```xml

<repository>
<id>AsposeJavaAPI</id>
<name>Aspose Java API</name>
<url>https://repository.aspose.com/repo/</url>
</repository>

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Dependency" offSpacer="true" %}}

```xml
<dependency>
<groupId>com.aspose</groupId>
<artifactId>aspose-imaging</artifactId>
<version>version of aspose-imaging API</version>
<classifier>jdk16</classifier>
</dependency>

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert GIF to DICOM via Java" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Imaging API makes it easy for the developers to convert GIF file to DICOM in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load GIF file with Image.load method
1.  Create & set an instance of DicomOptions
1.  Call Image.save method
1.  Pass file path with DICOM extension & object of DicomOptions as parameters

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Imaging for Java is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

- JDK 1.6 or higher is installed.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Convert GIF to DICOM - Java‎" offSpacer="" %}}

{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "07be292db0a393dc95f153f84b28c069" "convert-gif-to-dicom.java" >}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="GIF to DICOM Conversion Live Demos" sectionDescription="[Convert GIF to DICOM](https://products.aspose.app/imaging/conversion/gif-to-dicom) right now by visiting our Live Demos website.The live demo has the following benefits" >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download Aspose API." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your GIF file, it will be converted instantly to DICOM." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will get the download link." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="Java Imaging Library" %}}

 Aspose.Imaging API is an image processing solution to create, modify, draw or convert images with in applications. Aspose.Imaging is a fast API for Image processing, including but not limited to image conversions and manipulations such as drawing, working with graphic primitives, image transformations, export and conversion to multiple formats. Its a standalone library and does not depend on any software for image operations. One can easily add high performance image conversion feature with native APIs within projects. These are 100% private on premise APIs and files are processed at your own servers. ‎



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="GIF" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/gif/" >}}

A GIF or Graphical Interchange Format is a type of highly compressed image. Owned by Unisys, GIF uses the LZW compression algorithm that does not degrade the image quality. For each image GIF typically allow up to 8 bits per pixel and up to 256 colours are allowed across the image. In contrast to a JPEG image, which can display up to 16 million colours and fairly touches the limits of the human eye. Back when the internet emerged, GIFs remained the best choice because they required low bandwidth and compatible for the graphics that consume solid areas of colour. An animated GIF combines numerous images or frames into a single file and displays them in a sequence to generate an animated clip or a short video. The colour limitations are up to 256 for each frame and are likely to be the least suitable for reproducing other images and photographs with colour gradient.
Read More

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="DICOM" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/dicom/" >}}

DICOM is the acronym for Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine and pertains to the field of Medical Informatics. DICOM is the combination of file format definition and a network communications protocol. DICOM uses the .DCM extension. .DCM exist in two different formats i.e. format 1.x and format 2.x. DCM Format 1.x is further available in two versions normal and extended. DICOM is used for the integration of medical imaging devices like printers, servers, scanners etc from various vendors and also contains identification data of each patient for uniqueness. DICOM files can be shared between two parties if they are capable of receiving image data in DICOM format. The communication part of DICOM is application layer protocol and uses TCP/IP to communicate between entities. HTTP and HTTPS protocols are used for the web services of DICOM. Versions supported by web services are 1.0, 1.1, 2 or later.
Read More

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}
