---
title: Convert DNG to DICOM via .NET 
weight: 2760
url: /net/conversion/dng-to-dicom/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Application, ASP.NET Web Application.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert DNG to DICOM via C#" h2="Native .NET APIs to transform DNG into DICOM without needing any image editor or 3rd-party libraries." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/imaging/272x272/aspose_imaging-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="DICOM" pfName="Aspose.Imaging" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="DNG" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.Imaging " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/imaging/272x272/aspose_imaging-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/imaging/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-imaging" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/imaging/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/imaging/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/imaging/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.imaging" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert DNG to DICOM Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert DNG to DICOM, weвЂ™ll use
 [Aspose.Imaging for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/imaging/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.imaging) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.Imaging** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.Imaging" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.Imaging

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert DNG to DICOM via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Imaging makes it easy for the developers to load & convert DNG files to DICOM in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load DNG file with Image.Load method
1.  Create & set the instance of DicomOptions
1.  Call the Image.Save method
1.  Pass file path with DICOM extension & object of DicomOptions class

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.Imaging for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, Windows Application, ASP.NET Web Application.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.Imaging for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load the DNG file in an instance of Image
var image = Aspose.Imaging.Image.Load("template.dng");
// create an instance of DicomOptions
var options = new Aspose.Imaging.ImageOptions.DicomOptions();
// save DNG as a DICOM
image.Save("output.dicom", options); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert DNG to DICOM" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [DNG to DICOM conversion](https://products.aspose.app/imaging/conversion/dng-to-dicom) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your DNG file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant DICOM file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A cross-platform Imaging Library capable of processing the most common image formats along with DjVu, DICOM, WebP & DNG. The API can create, load, manipulate, convert & compress images as well as can transform images, perform filtering, dithering, masking and de-skewing. All with various memory optimization strategies.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="DNG" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/dng/" >}}
DNG is a digital camera image format used for the storage of raw files. It has been developed by Adobe in September 2004. It was basically developed for digital photography. DNG is an extension of TIFF/EP standard format and uses metadata significantly. In order to manipulate raw data from digital cameras with ease of flexibility and artistic control, photographers opt camera raw files. JPEG and TIFF formats store images that are processed by the camera, therefore not much room for alteration is available in such formats.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="dicom" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/dicom/" >}}
DICOM is the acronym for Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine and pertains to the field of Medical Informatics. DICOM is the combination of file format definition and a network communications protocol. DICOM uses the .DCM extension. .DCM exist in two different formats i.e. format 1.x and format 2.x. DCM Format 1.x is further available in two versions normal and extended. DICOM is used for the integration of medical imaging devices like printers, servers, scanners etc from various vendors and also contains identification data of each patient for uniqueness. DICOM files can be shared between two parties if they are capable of receiving image data in DICOM format. The communication part of DICOM is application layer protocol and uses TCP/IP to communicate between entities. HTTP and HTTPS protocols are used for the web services of DICOM. Versions supported by web services are 1.0, 1.1, 2 or later.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}